Add static graph restore docs (#2268)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/msbuild-targets.md

| NuGetLockFilePath | A custom location for the lock file. The default location is next to the project and is named `packages.lock.json`. |
| RestoreForceEvaluate | Forces restore to recompute the dependencies and update the lock file without any warning. |
| RestorePackagesConfig | An opt in switch, that restores projects with packages.config. Support with `MSBuild -t:restore` only. |

> | RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation | Tells commandline restore to use static graph MSBuild evaluation instead of the standard evaluation. Static graph evaluation is an experimental feature that's significantly faster for large repos and solutions. |

Reviewer: Does this also affect Visual Studio? Consider not mentioning command line:

```suggestion
| RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation | Opt-in switch to use static graph MSBuild evaluation instead of the standard evaluation. Static graph evaluation is an experimental feature that's significantly faster for large repos and solutions. |
```

If you prefer as is, please split "commandline" into two words :)

Reviewer 2: Let's commit this change because users are very likely to put the MSBuild property into a .csproj & use VS. @nkolev92 any objections?

Author: It doesn't affect VS restore at all.

The *entry* project is the one that needs it set. I wanted to avoid those details because it can get confusing.

Author: changed it to make it equivalent to `RestorePackagesConfig`.

Reviewer 2: Ah okay. I swore I tried using it in VS and it worked the same. It's been too long to remember though.

> [!NOTE]
> `packages.config` restore is only available with `MSBuild 16.5+`, and not with `dotnet.exe`

### Restoring with MSBuild static graph evaluation

> With MSBuild 16.6+, NuGet has added the capability to use static graph evaluation from the commandline.

Reviewer 2: Should use another note here to point out experimental:

> [!Note]
> With MSBuild 16.6+, NuGet has added an experimental feature to use static graph evaluation from the commandline that significantly decreases the restore time for large repositories.

This is an experimental feature that signficantly decreases the msbuild overhead of restore for large repos.

```cli
msbuild -t:restore -p:RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation=true
```

> Alternatively you can enable it by setting the property in a Directory.Build.Props.

Reviewer 2: Add an example of perhaps?:

<RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation>true</RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation>

Author: Sure, I'll add one.

> [!NOTE]
> As of Visual Studio 2019.x and NuGet 5.x, this feature is considered experimental and opt-in. Follow [NuGet/Home#9803](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9803) for details on when this feature will be enabled by default.

Static graph restore changes the msbuild part of restore, the project reading and evaluation, but not the restore algorithm! The restore algorithm is the same across all NuGet tools (NuGet.exe, MSBuild.exe, dotnet.exe and Visual Studio).

In very few scenarios, static graph restore may behave differently from current restore and certain declared PackageReferences or ProjectReferences might be missing.

> To ease your mind and determine whether static graph works correctly for your scenario, consider running:

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, maybe we just simplify to say "If static graph restore behaves differently, you can run a regular restore after".

We don't expect users to have to use two restores with this feature? Just in the case of a missing reference right?

Author: I meant to suggest that they should do this only once when migrating.

Author: Played with the wording a bit. I called out that it should be a one time check.

Let me know what you think.

Reviewer 2: When we say "migrating to static graph restore" that really just means that the user opted into the feature and should do this once to make sure everything is populated. I'm good with the wording as changed!

> [!NOTE]
> `packages.config` restore is only available with `MSBuild 16.5+`, and not with `dotnet.exe`

### Restoring with MSBuild static graph evaluation

> [!NOTE]

> > With MSBuild 16.6+, NuGet has added an experimental feature to use static graph evaluation from the commandline that significantly decreases the restore time for large repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> With MSBuild 16.6+, NuGet has added an experimental feature to use static graph evaluation from the command line that significantly improves the restore time for large repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch. "improvement" tends to be used more for perf related work, so let's use that.

```cli
msbuild -t:restore -p:RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation=true
```

Alternatively you can enable it by setting the property in a Directory.Build.Props.

```xml
<Project>
  <PropertyGroup>
    <RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation>true</RestoreUseStaticGraphEvaluation>
  </PropertyGroup>
</Project>
```

> [!NOTE]
> As of Visual Studio 2019.x and NuGet 5.x, this feature is considered experimental and opt-in. Follow [NuGet/Home#9803](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9803) for details on when this feature will be enabled by default.

Static graph restore changes the msbuild part of restore, the project reading and evaluation, but not the restore algorithm! The restore algorithm is the same across all NuGet tools (NuGet.exe, MSBuild.exe, dotnet.exe and Visual Studio).

> In very few scenarios, static graph restore may behave differently from current restore and certain declared PackageReferences or ProjectReferences might be missing.

Reviewer: Do we have a list of these scenarios? Is it worth including here?

Author: There's been a few bugs here and there, but we've been fixing those issues.
